Configuring the local domain is super easy, go to the sea windows.
System 32.
Drivers.
ETEK folder in the Explorer.
Now, drag the hosts file onto the V as code.
Then go to the very bottom of this file and on the left, type 127 oh oh one.
Which is your localhost IP address and on the right side, separated by any number of spaces, type
the domain name, which would be Laravel Dot Test.
Press control is to save changes, changing this fire that requires the admin privileges salvias code
will ask you to retrain as an admin gretry as admin and the changes will be saved.
You can now close this file.
So now when you make sure that our party is running, you should be able to visit HTP Laravel that test
in your browser and you would be directed to your application.